Add PR and issue templates (#479)
open-vsx/publish-extensions: docs/extension_issues.md

# Bugs with extensions

> ## Bugs in extensions' behaviors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Functional bugs in VS Code extensions
```

> If an extension you downloaded from OpenVSX is misbehaving, please do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an extension you downloaded from OpenVSX isn't functioning as expected, please follow these steps to debug:
```

1. check the extension version on [OpenVSX](https://open-vsx.org/) (you can see the latest one in the right sidebar)
2. check the extension version on the [VS Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/) (you can find the version on the bottom of the right-hand side bar)
3. If the versions don't match, it's probably a problem with the publishing process, so continue to the next chapter of this guide

> 4. If they are the same version, please go to the problematic extension's repository and try to deal with the issue there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If they are the same version, visit the extension's source repository to investigate the issue further.
```

> We cannot help with broken extensions; these issues have to be addressed with their respective maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** We (`publish-extensions` maintainers) cannot help with functionally broken extensions; these issues should be raised with the respective maintainers.
```

> If the extension at hand has been unmaintained for a longer period of time, please [raise an issue](https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions/issues/new) by selecting <kbd>Other</kbd> as the issue template and adding the necessary information (we will publish the last version by building manually and remove the extension from this repository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the extension has been unmaintained for a longer period of time, please [raise an issue](https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions/issues/new) by selecting <kbd>Other</kbd> as the issue template and adding the necessary information (we will publish the last version by building manually and remove the extension from this repository).
```

## Errors in the publishing process

> If an extension on OpenVSX is outdated or never successfully been published (although listed in [`extensions.json`](https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions/blob/master/extensions.json)), this is probably due to one of two things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an extension on OpenVSX is outdated or has never been successfully published (despite being listed in [`extensions.json`](https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions/blob/master/extensions.json)), the cause is likely one of the following:
```

1. The extension has some abnormal build prerequisites, we build everything inside the same Ubuntu VM, which might cause problems like:
    - a CLI tool is not installed
    - the extension requires an older/newer version of Node.js: we are using Node 14 for everything.
    - the extension has issues building on the latest LTS of Ubuntu server (we use `ubuntu-latest` for our jobs, you can take a look at [GitHub's Docs](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments#available-environments) to see what that currently stands for)
2. The extension requires additional commands to be executed to build successfully. 
    - if you want a quick and easy fix you can try adding a `prepublish` property to the extension in `extensions.json` to set a command to be executed before packaging up the extension, right after installing the project's dependencies.

> The best way to solve this issue is to publish the extension from its own repository, not this one. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to solve issues of failed publishing is to publish the extension from its own repository, not this one. 
```

> - If you are the extension author, you can use [this document](direct_publish_setup.md) for a guide on setting that up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are the extension author, you can use [this document](direct_publish_setup.md) as a guide on how to set up a CI publishing process.
```

> - If you are a community member you can raise an issue (if there is none discussing it already) using [this template](external_contribution_request.md). If the maintainers are willing to accept a contribution you can use the [same document listed in the point above](direct_publish_setup.md) to quickly setup a CI job with GitHub Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are a community member you can raise an issue (please check for existing issues) using [this template](external_contribution_request.md). If the maintainers are willing to accept a contribution you can use the [same document listed in the point above](direct_publish_setup.md) to quickly setup a CI job with GitHub Actions.
```
